Semantic HTML Quiz
To pass the quiz, you must correctly answer at least 18 of the 20 questions below.

1. What is presentational HTML? Presentational HTML uses elements to control the appearance of content, rather than its meaning or structure.
2. What is the role of the pre element? It is used to represent preformatted text.
3. What is the role of the h1 element? It defines the main heading of a webpage, indicating its primary topic.
4. What is the role of the address element? It is used to represent contact information for a section on a web page.
5. Which of the following elements holds no semantic meaning? div
6. Which of the following elements is used to represent a specific moment in time? time
7. What is a typical use case of the ruby element? It is used to show the pronunciation of East Asian characters.
8. Which element is used to highlight keywords in summaries or product names in reviews? b
9. What is the role of the u element? It is used to represent inline text that has non-textual annotation applied.
10. Which of the following elements is used to represent an extended quotation? blockquote
11. Which of the following elements is used to provide a description, or definition for the term inside a description list? dd
12. Which of the following elements is typically used with the code element? pre
13. Which of the following attributes is used to translate dates and times into a machine-readable format? datetime
14. Why is it important to not skip heading levels? Skipping heading levels can confuse screen readers and hinder content accessibility by disrupting the logical content hierarchy.
15. Which of the following is a deprecated presentational HTML element? font
16. Which of the following elements is used to represent navigation links? nav
17. Which of the following elements represents a description term inside a description list? dt
18. What is the role of the i element? It is used to represent idiomatic text, technical terms, and taxonomical designations.
19. Which of the following elements is used to emphasize text? em
20. Which of the following attributes is used to specify the source or reference of the quoted content for a blockquote? cite