Design a Business Card

Build an app that is functionally similar to this example project. Try not to copy the example project, give it your own personal style.

Objective: Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

User Stories:

You should have a div with a class attribute with a value of business-card that will contain all the other elements.
Inside the .business-card element, there should be an img element with a class attribute with a value of profile-image. You can set the image source to https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/flower.jpg if you like. There should be an alt with a meaningful description.
Inside the .business-card element, after the img element, you should have three p elements with a class attribute that has, respectively, a value of full-name, designation, and company.
The first p element should contain your name.
The second p element should contain your designation.
The third p element should have your company name.
There should be an hr element below the third p element.
After the hr element, there should be two p elements. In the first p element, you should have an email address as the text. In the second p element, the text should be a phone number.
After the two p elements, there should be an a element with a class of portfolio-link, the text Portfolio, and it should link to a valid URL.
There should be an hr element after the a element containing the portfolio link.
You should have another div element with a class attribute with a value of social-media. Within this element, there should be an h2 element with the text Connect with me.
Inside the .social-media elements, there should be three a elements. The a elements should have the text Twitter, LinkedIn and GitHub respectively with links to valid websites.
You should link the style sheet styles.css using the link tag in the head section of the HTML file.
Your page background should be rosybrown. The overall font should be Arial, with a fallback of sans-serif.
The .business-card selector should have properties to set the element as 300px wide and a background color of your choice. Also you should set a padding of 20px all around and a top margin of 100px. The text should be center aligned and the font size should be 16px. The left and right margins should be set to auto.
The .profile-image selector should have a max-width property with a value of 100%.
All of the p elements should have a top and bottom margin of 5px.
All links on the page should not be underlined.

Tests:
Waiting:1. You should have one main div with a class attribute with a value of business-card.
Waiting:2. Inside the .business-card element, there should be an img element with a class attribute with a value ofprofile-image.
Waiting:3. The image source should be set to a valid image.
Waiting:4. The alt attribute of the image should be set to a meaningful description.
Waiting:5. Inside the .business-card element, after the img element, there should be a p element with a class attribute with a value of full-name.
Waiting:6. After the .full-name element, there should be a p element with a class attribute with a value ofdesignation.
Waiting:7. After the .designation element, there should be a p element with a class attribute with a value of company.
Waiting:8. The first p element, the one with class of full-name, should contain your name.
Waiting:9. The second p element, the one with a class attribute of designation, should contain your designation.
Waiting:10. The third p element, the one with the class attribute with a value ofcompany, should contain your company name.
Waiting:11. After the third p element, the one with the class attribute with a value of company, there should be an hr element.
Waiting:12. After the first hr element, there should be a p element with an email address as your text.
Waiting:13. After the email p element, there should be another p element with a phone number as your text.
Waiting:14. After the phone number p element, there should be an a element with the class portfolio-link.
Waiting:15. The .portfolio-link element should have text of Portfolio.
Waiting:16. Your .portfolio-link element should have a valid href.
Waiting:17. After the a element containing your portfolio, there should be another hr element as a divider.
Waiting:18. After the second hr element, there should be a div element with a class attribute with a value of social-media.
Waiting:19. Inside the .social-media element, there should be an h2 element with the text Connect with me.
Waiting:20. Inside the .social-media element there should be three a elements.
Waiting:21. The first a element should have the text Twitter.
Waiting:22. The href of the first a element should point to a valid link.
Waiting:23. The second a element should have the text LinkedIn.
Waiting:24. The href of the second a element should point to a valid link.
Waiting:25. The third a element should have the text GitHub.
Waiting:26. The href of the third a element should point to a valid link.
Waiting:27. Your link element should be within your head element.
Waiting:28. Your link element should have a rel attribute with the value stylesheet.
Waiting:29. Your link element should have an href attribute with the value styles.css.
Waiting:30. You should set the page background color in the body selector to rosybrown.
Waiting:31. You should set the page font to Arial in the body element with a fallback of sans-serif.
Waiting:32. Your .business-card selector should have a width property with a value of 300px.
Waiting:33. Your .business-card selector should have a background-color property with a valid color value.
Waiting:34. Your .business-card selector should have a padding property with a value of 20px.
Waiting:35. Your .business-card selector should have a top margin of 100px.
Waiting:36. The text inside the .business-card element should be center-aligned.
Waiting:37. The font size of the text inside the .business-card element should be 16px.
Waiting:38. The left and right margins of the .business-card element should be set to auto.
Waiting:39. Your .profile-image selector should have a max-width property with a value of 100%.
Waiting:40. Your p elements should have a top and bottom margin of 5px.
Waiting:41. The links of the page should have no underline.