Design a Movie Review Page

Build an app that is functionally similar to this example project. Try not to copy the example project, give it your own personal style.

Objective: Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

User Stories:

You should have a main element.
Inside the main element, you should have an h1 element for the movie title.
Below the h1 element, you should have an img element displaying the movie cover. Your img element should have a descriptive alt text describing the image. You are free to use the following image if you like: https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/rise-beyond-2.png.
You should have a p element containing a brief movie description.
You should have another p element to display the movie rating. Within it, you should have these items in the listed order:
A strong element with the text Movie Rating:.
A span element with an aria-hidden attribute set to true containing a visual representation of the rating using stars ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐☆.
A numerical value, representing the rating, in parentheses (e.g. 9.2/10) after the span.
You should have an h2 element with the text Cast Members.
You should have a ul element.
Inside the ul element, you should have multiple li elements each containing a strong element for the actor's name followed by the corresponding character name preceded by the text as. (e.g., James Holloway as Ethan Carter).

Tests
Waiting:1. You should have a main element.
Waiting:2. Inside the main element, you should have an h1 element containing the movie title.
Waiting:3. Below the h1 element, you should have an img element with a descriptive alt attribute.
Waiting:4. You should have a p element after the image that contains the movie description.
Waiting:5. You should have another p element that contains the rating.
Waiting:6. Inside the second p element, you should have a strong element with the text Movie Rating: .
Waiting:7. There should be a span element inside the rating paragraph.
Waiting:8. The span element inside the rating paragraph should have ten stars, either filled in (⭐) or empty (☆), followed by a numerical value in parentheses after the span.
Waiting:9. The span element inside the rating paragraph should have an aria-hidden attribute set to true.
Waiting:10. You should have an h2 element.
Waiting:11. Your h2 should come after your second p element.
Waiting:12. Your h2 should have the text Cast Members.
Waiting:13. You should have a ul element after the h2.
Waiting:14. The ul should contain multiple li elements.
Waiting:15. Each li should contain a strong element for the actor name followed by the corresponding character name preceded by the text as. (e.g., James Holloway as Ethan Carter).